# Setting up the Sample Project

### Getting the Sample Code
IMPORTANT:
You will have TWO SEPARATE projects: the sample code and your own project. The sample code
is exactly what it sounds like, a sample or a reference.  It is not meant to be a template.
If you have any issues after cloning and downloading the sample, just give us a heads up.

Steps:
1. Please watch/follow the starter for a better understanding of this module. {% youtube %}https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kyHzhxxD__o{% endyoutube %}
2. CD into a directory that isn't already a git repository and is a place you store projects.
3. Copy the following command and paste it into the terminal window:
   <br>
   `git clone https://github.com/ElevenFiftyAcademy/JavaScript-151-PortfolioStarter.git`
4. Congratulations! You have successfully cloned the sample project and have access to the code.
   You're currently on something called the master branch, but more on that later.
5. Open the project in Visual Studio Code, either directly from the command line or file explorer.
6. In VS Code, press Control` to open a terminal window(ctrl + backtick, top left corner, need screenshot).
7. Run dir or ls to check that package.json is listed in your current directory. Cd into the right directory
   (JavaScript-151-PortfolioStarter) if it isn't there.
8. Run the following command in your window to install a few packages you will need:
   <br>
   `npm install -g gulp-cli`
   <br>
   `npm install`
   <br>
   Note: you may receive some yellow warnings during installation.  Most of the time, nothing is breaking and
   you can continue.
9. As a result of the installation you should have a new folder: node_modules(screenshot or file path?)
10. Run the following command to see a starter project show up in the browser window:
    <br>
    `gulp dev`
    <br>
    If you are having problems put a request in the Help Queue ASAP.
11. Again, please remember this is a project to get you started.  It is not complete and should not be used as
    a template.
       
       

       