# HEADER STYLE STARTER
---

### Key Objectives:
* To start building out a first version of a header section.

### Overview:
In this module we start to refactor what we've already stubbed out in the Header, just like we did with the Navbar.

### Notes/Tips:
* This is an open ended task, and it gets hard to identify when you are done. We recommend time boxing your work.
* Having good ideas is great, but it's also ok to just explore. Sometimes ideas come after the first try.
* Don't be afraid to throw out entire ideas. If it's not working, sometimes you just chuck it.

### Steps
1. In VS Code, go to the `module-7-header-styling-starter` branch.
2. Check out the short video. {% youtube %}https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TetHea8S4KQ{% endyoutube %}
3. Don't worry if you don't fully understand the difference between px, em, and rem. It takes time, but there is a link to a good read [here](https://css-tricks.com/almanac/properties/f/font-size/). We use rems in this module for the jumbotron. You don't have to use them but it doesn't hurt to start to learn about them.
4. Go ahead and start adding more detail to you Header. The text should be simple and the feel should be elegant, simple, refined, etc. This could involve changing the font, adding a background image, adding some color. Just so you know, we'll talk about animations in future modules. You might want to do some reading and researching and looking for ideas. Even though this [article](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2009/07/best-practices-for-effective-design-of-about-us-pages/) is talking about an About Me page, it has some good information on creating unique pieces in your project. (too old?)
5. After getting you code to a good place, celebrate a small victory by committing and pushing your code.
6. Go ahead and move onto the next module. The next module gets fun when we start to use animations.
7. Here is the final code.
    * `_body.scss`
    ```css
    /* Body section. */
    body {
        padding: 15px;
    }
    header {
        text-align: center;
    }
    ```
    * `_header.scss`
    ```css
    /* CSS code for the Header section. */
    .jumbotron {
        background: url('http://eleven50.wpengine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/Learning-to-Code5.png?id=21797') no-repeat center center;
        padding-top: 8rem;
        padding-bottom: 8rem;
    }

    .jumbotron-heading {
        padding-top: 50px;
        font-weight: 400;
    }

    .jumbotron .container {
        max-width: 60rem;
    }
    ```
    * `main.scss`
    ```css
    @import "variables.scss";
    @import "body.scss";
    @import "navbar.scss";
    @import "header.scss";
    @import "portfolio.scss";
    @import "about.scss";
    @import "contact.scss";
    @import "footer.scss";
    ```